API reference for resource scoping (#857)
nv-legate/legate.core: docs/legate/core/source/api/machine.rst

.. _label_machine:

.. currentmodule:: legate.core

Machine and Resource Scoping
============================

By default, each Legate operation is allowed to use the entire machine for
parallelization, but oftentimes client programs want control on the machine
resource assigned to each section of the program. Legate provides a
programmatic way to control resource assignment, called a *resource scoping*.

To scope the resource, a client takes two steps. First, the client queries the
machine resource available in the given scope and shrinks it to a subset to

> assign to a scope. Then, the client assigns that subset of machine to a scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assign to a scope. Then, the client assigns that subset of the machine to a scope
```

Author: https://github.com/nv-legate/legate.core/pull/857/commits/7452a8c0ff99b4dcb513c33189e3bcc2f37f3c3f

with a  usual ``with`` statement. All Legate operations issued within that
``with`` block are now subject to the resource scoping. The steps look like the
following pseudocode:

::

  # Retrieves the machine of the current scope
  machine = legate.core.get_machine()
  # Extracts a subset to assign to a nested scope
  subset = extract_subset(machine)
  # Installs the new machine to a scope
  with subset:
    ...

The machine available to a nested scope is always a subset of that for the
outer scope. If the machine given to a scope has some resources that are not
part of the machine for the outer scope, they will be removed during the
resource scoping. The machine used in a scoping must not be empty; otherwise,
an ``EmptyMachineError`` will be raised.

> In case where a machine of the scope has more than one kind of processors, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where a machine has more than one kind of processor, the
```

Author: https://github.com/nv-legate/legate.core/pull/857/commits/7452a8c0ff99b4dcb513c33189e3bcc2f37f3c3f
